feature(table): add data sources for mat-table (#1200)
plentymarkets/terra-components: CHANGELOG.md

### Features
* **mat-table** styles for the [angular material table](https://v8.material.angular.io/components/table/overview).

> * **TableDataSource** add new data source with filtering for a material data table.
> * **TablePagingDataSource** add new data source with filtering and paging for a material data table.
> * **TableSortingDataSource** add new data source with filtering and sorting for a material data table.
> * **TablePagingSortingDataSource** add new data source with filtering, paging and sorting for a material data table.

Reviewer: Vllt zu einem Eintrag zusammenfassen?
```suggestion
* **table** introduced several new classes to simplify the creation of an angular material table data source for plentymarkets REST-APIs.
    - **TableDataSource** adding basic support for filtering.
    - **TablePagingDataSource** supports filtering and paging.
    - **TableSortingDataSource** supports filtering and sorting.
    - **TablePagingSortingDataSource** supports filtering, paging and sorting.
```
